added content in Learn the Basics of csharp (.NET CLI) in ASP.NET Core roadmap (#3021)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/100-basics-of-csharp/102-dotnet-cli.md

> # Dotnet cli
> The .NET command-line interface (CLI) is a cross-platform toolchain for developing, building, running, and publishing .NET applications.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/'>Microsoft - .NET CLI overview</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/RQLzp2Z8-BE'>IAmTimCorey - Intro To The .NET CLI</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# .NET CLI

.NET CLI is the command-line interface (CLI) for the .NET platform. It is a tool that provides a common interface for running .NET Core command-line tools and utilities. .NET Core is a cross-platform, open-source, and modular version of the .NET framework, and the .NET CLI provides a way to interact with it from the command line.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/'>Microsoft - .NET CLI overview</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/RQLzp2Z8-BE'>Intro To The .NET CLI</BadgeLink>
```
